if you think that customers are adopting
AI in the same manner that they adopted
SAS over the last 10 years you you're
wrong it's just completely different and
one of the big differences is with most
SAS software most of the outcomes and
the value were very deterministic I know
that if I do ABC if I fill out these
forms if I give it this data if I do
these actions I'm going to consistently
get this unit of value from the software
but I think as we all know working with
models and working with AI applications
the outcomes are very probabilistic and
so there are a lot of things that you
need to do as a trusted partner not just
as a trusted model or a trusted piece of
software to help companies go through
that transformation to identify what are
the kpis what are the business processes
what are the workflows that they can
transform and then how to help their
employees begin to adopt this all right
everybody settled in good afternoon
everyone great to see you all I feel
like we got a start off with a little
bit of gratitude gratitude to saster
thanks for yall for hosting this I've
been coming to these events for we were
just talking about a decade now when I
was the CEO of this little company named
srid that would learn I would be in the
audience and hear great stories and pick
up a few tidbits and when we got public
I got to come back and speak a couple
times and now I get to come back in a
second career as an investor and and now
have all of our portfolio companies
share their lessons learned and it's
awesome awesome super grateful to saser
for bringing us together grateful that
all of you came and spent time with us
really grateful to my four panelists up
here these guys are all really busy and
they carved out time to to come here and
talk with us and I would say I hope
everybody in the audience is realizing
that we all collectively should be
really grateful how lucky are we that we
get to live in this era of this
transformative time where AI is
undoubtedly going to change the way that
we all work live and you can feel it you
can see it there's no question you've
got the amar's law of overestimating
what it's going to happen in the short
term and underestimating its long-term
impact I have seen this happen in the
internet era in the mid 90s I saw this
again with mobile we saw it again with
cloud and we're living through it again
but it is so exciting to see what's
happening for besser we're all L on AI
we've dedicated a billion dollars of our
4 billion in dry powder to go invest in
AI companies and couldn't be more
excited uh about what these folks are
doing here today why don't we Dive Right
In we'll start off with some
introductions and then we'll go from
there hi everybody I'm Julia chapen
Chief Operating Officer at a bridge
where we're on a mission to power deeper
understanding of healthare conversations
all through purpose-built AI today we
take doctor patient conversations and we
transform them into clinical notes for
clinicians to review and quickly get
more information into the medical record
we're working with systems Across the
Nation including kaisa Permanente s and
Beyond and in my role I work to ensure
that we are continuing to responsibly
deploy this technology to to the
healthcare space and really driving
impact and culture prior to a bridge
where I've been for the last five and a
half years starting my career at Google
bringing Google products to Emerging
Markets thanks Julia thanks so much for
having us I'm Kate I lead our sales and
Partnerships teams at anr anthropic is a
an llm company that's part research lab
part commercial entity I hope most of
you in the audience at this point have
tried Claude if you haven't please do uh
we work with companies of all sizes from
startups like many of the folks on stage
here with me today all the way up to
really large companies like in and
Salesforce really excited to chat about
all things AI today awesome thank you
Kate Ramy hey everybody my name is Ramy
I'm the CEO here at even up we're on a
mission to be the source of truth of
what injury cases are worth the way we
we help injury victims the 20 million of
them that get injured every year in the
US is by essentially doing a part of the
job of the attorneys that represent them
very excited to be here chat with all of
you about generative
AI all right my name is Timothy young
super excited to be here I'm the CEO of
Jasper some of you may have remembered
Jasper from 2019 we launched as one of
the first companies to really prove that
you could build a business model on top
of an llm with our writing assistant
today we've expanded the business quite
a bit into an Enterprise AI platform for
marketing teams and very excited to be
here awesome Timothy thank you thank you
so let me give you all a road map for
the conversation that we're going to
have bester every year for many years
now in the cloud era would create this
thing called the state of the cloud and
we've put this out every year we would
come to saster every year and talk to
the the audience about where we are in
this journey of moving from on Prem
software into the cloud into SAS and so
on obviously in this stage SAS is a very
mature category a very mature industry
and it's impossible to talk about cloud
and SAS here at saster and not be
talking about AI so this report we put
out is all about the cloud AI era the
five trends that we have been seeing
there are five key themes that we pulled
out today we're just going to talk about
1 three and four up on the screen we'll
talk about some Foundation models we're
going to talk about multi modal
capabilities we're going to talk about
vertical AI we're also going to throw in
one more topic that is so critical which
is around defensibility and Moes in a
generative AI uh large language model
world and so let's go ahead and dive in
let's take that first one about
Foundation models there are so many
models where open source models there
are closed Source models there are
Frontier models folks that are using
their own models that are fine-tuned
with their own industry data or content
I really would love to hear first Kate
from the anthropic view some of the
great things that you all have seen
about anthropics model relative to all
the the competition why do Enterprises
choose anthropic why should all the
folks out in the audience be absolutely
including at a minimum including
anthropic if not choosing it outright as
the only one and then maybe from the
application builders that are up here a
little bit on what you all have been
doing in your organization Kate I'll
start with you I I don't think I need to
tell anyone here that there are a lot of
options available and often what we're
talking to when we're talking to our
customers about is about when do you
choose Claud versus another model and
sometimes that's all it within one use
case sometimes you're choosing a model
based on a very particular use case they
answer the question about why Claude
there are so many reasons that's why I
work there but one of the biggest ones
is our model performance continues to
get better and better we're iterating
really at the frontier so you just look
at performance um and and we continue to
be told by our customers that they're
really pleasantly surprised by how well
Claude can understand very detailed very
nuanced context how well Cloud can write
and many of you are probably thinking
about building customer facing
applications where your models are
actually going to be writing things that
your customers will be engaging with
directly and that tone is so important
on more of the Enterprise side you you
often hear a lot about security reliab
reliability and availability in the
class
and so a big part of that for us is we
have relationships with Google and with
Amazon so if you're a gcp customer or an
AWS customer you can use Vertex or
bedrock and The Cloud of models are
available there um but I know many of
you we talked about this yesterday are
actually using a whole bunch of
different models for a lot of different
use
cases yeah I think in the in the case of
a bridge the the industry the landscape
is changing so rapidly with new models
coming out all the time new capabilities
coming out all the time and so we think
about things um in terms of what to use
off-the-shelf models for versus what we
fine-tune internally and create our own
models for it's largely a function of
what delivers the best quality product
for our users and so we're constantly
trying everything that's coming coming
available evaluating against the latest
and greatest and also I think something
that's unique about our evaluation
process is that we actually do
head-to-head comparisons against every
single model with humans in the loop to
also ensure that what we are shipping
makes the most sense for our particular
users now in the medical space there are
many cases where offthe shelf kind of
solutions will not actually work to the
specification that we need for the
healthcare industry and for those use
cases we have our own prioritary data
sets that we've trained models on
ourselves to be able to deliver the
types of experiences that our users need
awesome Romy or Timothy you guys want to
Pile in for sure just for folks that
don't know us we draft a specific type
of legal letter called a demand letter
on behalf of these lawyers that we serve
we do about a thousand of these letters
or 10,000 pages of legal texts that we
write every week and similarly for us
there there isn't a one- siiz fits model
that can serve all of our needs it's a
mix of discriminative and generative
models a mix of human in the loop and
fine-tune models for us to get to where
we need to be from an accuracy basis for
Industries like ours precision and
recall really does matter 90% of the way
there in a legal letter is not enough
quality which is why fine tuning and and
having a human in the loop really does
help get the product to where it needs
to be for Jasper it's really been a a
big Journey For Us in 2019 we started
with one model and today we run about 39
different models in production across
the entire customer base and so we're
really llm agnostic we are huge fans of
anthropic of course and use that very
aggressively throughout the customer
base but we really try to work from what
the customer's desired output is and
then work backwards through the model so
we're constantly T models we're
evaluating them for drift over time and
we run a mix of foundational models open
source models our own uh especially on
image and then we have customers who are
also bringing their own model and in a
lot of cases what we're finding is that
customers are beginning to when they're
rolling these systems out at scale they
want structured outputs and they want
repeatability they want trust they want
high confidence and so we're constantly
monitoring that in certain models for
certain different pieces of content and
marketing balance that repeatability
with the proper amount of creativity and
so that is something that we're
constantly looking at and helping
customers find the right model for their
use case super helpful and uh just as
the guy that's lived through these waves
before I think many in the audience will
agree with me that it's very different
than the last Revolution that we saw
like we're all here at saster in Cloud
when we got started in cloud in 2007 8 n
most businesses that were starting with
Cloud picked one cloud and then they
built and it was usually AWS for the
first five years and then gcp came along
and but they had to convince people to
build on their Cloud multicloud really
didn't arrive for many years in a real a
high penetration rate of what
Enterprises were building their
applications people are just building on
one infrastructure by and large and I
think what we're seeing in this wave is
very different actually it's we're
seeing a lot of folks that are quickly
leveraging the capabilities of a number
of of models and large language
capabilities for particular use cases
and particular tasks and an interesting
distinction okay next question Kate I
don't know what anthropic legal is going
to allow you to say so we can pass on
this this but I'm going to ask it
anyways everybody in the audience is
wondering this I know I am we've seen
the leaps from gpt2 to three to from
Claud to 3.5 like they have been big
leaps right from each generation and
we're all wondering the next one that
drops is Claude 4 is it asymptotic is it
incrementally better but still amazing
or is this or is it step function and I
don't we don't know but you all have a
better insight into that than anybody
here it's funny because if you ask
anyone on the research what is the next
model going to be able to do the answer
is usually we'll find out um but no in
more serious terms there are three
things that drive a model performance
one is Hardware the next is algorithmic
improvements the software that we're
running to train the models and then the
third is the data that we're using to
trade the models and you think of every
lab right now as making big improvements
all three and and that's really where
and why you start to see these step
function changes when you have much
better Hardware with much better
algorithms and an ability to leverage
even more interesting data multimodal is
a big thing that I know we'll talk about
in a few minutes um the model
performance just continues to jump as
things come out the other area of
innovation where a lot of folks are
maturing is just developing better
products around these really basic apis
that interact with the llms awesome
fantastic it's funny the answer of we'll
see we don't know what the models are
going to do I was on I hosted a panel I
was actually a Jasper AI panel in San
Francisco two and a half year two years
ago maybe a little more than that and
Dario said on that panel that they
discovered that the models could code
like it wasn't a design requirement it
wasn't an intentional the model it had
the capability it figured out how to do
it and so it's interesting that these
models can in fact just we'll see what
they can
once they're there it's absolutely right
we call it coming out of the oven and
seeing what it's capable of of course
you fine tune it on the back end and
make it better at certain things but um
so much of what we're doing is making
bets and what we think will work yeah
and then we call it putting it in the
oven and taking it out of the oven and
seeing what we made and I do love
obviously we're biased we're investors
and all the companies up here we love
anthropic because it also has a great
deal of focus around constitutional AI
the safety and Trust to ensure that the
the proper guard rails are there and in
place in a way that not all language
models and providers have that same
level of emphasis we love what youall
are doing so fantastic all right we're
going to switch gears now we're going to
go into the next topic which is around
Moes of defensibility for these AI
businesses and I'll just tee this up
particularly for those of you in the
audience that are the application
Builders what's wonderful it is a
magical new capability that's been
Unleashed by the language models and so
you can apply those capabilities to LA
long old problems in novel new and
interesting ways which is amazing the
underbelly to that is these models are
readily available to everyone in the
world all your competitors too so how do
you think about defensibility in that
context I wanted to start with Timothy
because you all are honestly the first
of those great businesses that got to
double digigit million AR rocket ship
growth and went through a transformation
as you were describing in your
introduction from what some described as
the Thin rapper to where we are now as a
full application platform so I knew you
were going to say API rapper yeah I knew
it tell them about that journey and then
and how you all over the last two years
have built those defensible Moes that
didn't exist two years ago yeah yeah
absolutely I think it's an incredible
journey and it's it's very I think top
of mind or should be top of mind for
everyone here a couple years ago
everyone was talking about oh it's just
a rapper and in in 2019 when the company
launched I think that was a little bit
true we were the first R true
application built on top of an llm we
launched before chat GPT and there was
that magic moment for the market where
people said wow here's a hard problem
that I have I don't want to write this
long form piece of content and here's an
application with just a little bit of
instruction I can get a great blog post
or a white paper or an article and that
really changed and opened up people's
opinions and introduced them uh to llms
over the last couple years since that
time we've obviously seen a broad
adoption and just capturing everyone's
imagination with generative AI whether
it be from chat gbt or the great
products from anthropic and we've
learned a lot from customers as well
about what they want for us as a kind of
an applied AI application company the
way to think about
defensibility is really workflows and
integration so I'll walk you through a
couple quick workflows that I think are
not really discussed out in the market
from a couple of our larger customers
one is iHeart radio so a lot of they run
a lot of radio stations locally
throughout the US a great customer a
great partner of ours and historically
the business model is to sell ads and
the people who are running the ads are
local businesses they're small smbs so
what Jasper basically did was figure out
how to work with them to accelerate that
so if you are a bdr right inside of our
iheard radio Jasper connects to
Salesforce
it analyzes all the leads and
historically what a bdr would do is they
would reach out via email or a cold call
let's say a local plumbing business and
say hey would you like to advertise on
the radio a lot of these local
businesses would love to it makes a lot
of sense for them the problem is they
didn't they don't have the marketing
budget or the team or even the
wherewithal to know how to build that ad
well with Jasper it totally flips the
equation for iHeart radio and their
customers now when that bdr reaches out
there's already a script for that
business for their ad in the pitch and
that business just needs to say hey this
sounds great let's run that ad love it
awesome Julia maybe a little a sentence
or two Julia on Integrations epic and
systems that are in your ecosystem and
how important those can be for
defensibility yeah absolutely I think
there's the this list of modes of
defensibility for AI businesses is huge
but let's not forget that I think there
are traditional modes of defensibility
among which are distribution and
Partnerships and the ability to to
establish a trustworthy brand at the end
of the day and what we've done from the
very beginning is think deeply as
Timothy pointed out like workflows and
Integrations are incredibly important
and in our space when we're working with
the top Hospital Systems around the
country we need to be able to integrate
our Solutions into their existing
infrastructure and technology and what
we've been able to do is partner with
epic one of the largest EMR providers in
the US to be able to natively integrate
our Technologies into existing clinician
workflows and that really helps with
adoption and engagement and distribution
overall just to double down on what you
said about the importance of trust in
Partnerships and distribution we heard
from Inuit the other day Inuit is using
anthropic to help explain what taxes you
actually paid and
why that's so important it's a it's kind
of it's a lot of money for many people
and it's also just something that you
have to get right and it's something
where you have to have that trust and
it's the trust that they had with us the
trust that they had with their cloud
provider to make sure that the security
was there for all their customers data
it's the trust that they had with the
model to make sure the model wasn't
hallucinating all the time that there's
just so many different things when you
hear trust that what that actually means
and I I think that's really at the
essence of a lot of what we're all
trying to build Romy yeah so just to
give you folks a little bit more context
we draft a letter called a demand letter
and if you're not familiar with these
letters there's a very thorough summary
of the case that's in this letter in
addition to a EV valuation of what that
case is worth in our industry in
personal injury the vast majority of
these cases are settled privately where
it's very hard to build intuition around
what should an injury be worth so the
note that we have that builds up over
time is the more of these letters that
we write the better we are drafting the
letter but more importantly the better
we are at saying for this injury in this
jurisdiction it should be worth this
number so it's General to component to
to ultimately get this really valuable
data to build a data mode that matters
for our customers the data becomes the
mode all right business model for those
of you in the audience SAS world we use
very standard we just charge per seat
it's very simple easy for Enterprises to
understand Etc in a world of AI and
large language models a lot of these
things become a lot more allow our
customers to become more efficient so
that might mean there are fewer seats
that kind of goes against the grain of
how we want to charge how's that going
to work so I think we're Innovations
required I'd love to hear Romy maybe a
little bit on the Innovation on the
business model that you all introduced
at even up yeah I'll try to make this
quick but the way when folks think about
us we don't sell software we sell work
and so if you think about how we're
priced it's based on the legal letters
that we write to our customers very
different paradigm shift from pricing
per seed it's more in line with how we
deliver value if you have 10 of these
cases where you need these letters
drafted we would charge you for 10
letters awesome so think if you're in
the audience think very hard about the
value exchange with your AI powered
solution and your customers and what's
the right pricing lever to use and
rethink if you're if it's currently
seat-based think again on it it could be
the right answer but it may not be all
right power of multimodal obviously
large language models it's right there
in the name language started off very
much text driven and now we're seeing
all these amazing Innovations of with
audio with visual video Etc maybe and
and allowing you to change fundamentally
the solution that you can offer to your
customers um so I'd love to hear from a
couple of you on how multimodal
capabilities have been important to your
business uh a bridge it's pretty core
right you can't actually do it without
voice and text maybe a little bit on
that sure I think the fundamental
artifact is the conversation that
happens between a doctor and a patient
and so what we do is we injust that
audio we transcribe it with our in-house
speech Rec recognition models and then
we run additional models on top of that
in order to generate the clinical no so
it's core to what we do without a doubt
and and Jasper Timothy you all made an
acquisition in the space because you
wanted to solve more of the marketer
problems not just the output of the text
but also images can you talk a little
bit about that yeah we made a a sizable
acquisition earlier this year in a
company called clip drop which does a
lot of image manipulation editing
generation and that was really driven by
our customers so as we continue to move
into larger and larger Enterprises they
wanted that multimodal capability for
example we work with a big shoe
manufacture probably 20 30% of people in
here are wearing their products today
and they wanted to bring personalization
to their product pages in not only the
product description but also in the
product images let's say they're
recently they released a new trail
running shoe when you come to the site
they want the photo of that athlete
running the trail to be a trail that is
close to your house and we were able to
do that by building a catalog of trails
all across the US and then being able to
generate a series of models running on
those trails and provide that so that's
the personalization and scale where in
the past that was a dream of theirs but
it was impossible y but now with AI and
Jasper they can do both they can create
the blog post content and get the images
they need for it as one tactical example
that's awesome another topic that came
up as the panelists were discussing
yesterday and getting ready was
something that's very different from
this last Paradigm Shift we were talking
about similarities and differences let's
say from the cloud era to this AI era
when we move from on premise software to
SAS there is no change by and large for
the end user right the end user of the
application didn't care very much
whether the compute Network and storage
powering that application was in a data
center that was owned by their
Enterprise or was out in a public Cloud
that is wild wild ly different than the
solutions that the AI powered solutions
that we are enabling in this AI era
where the user experience is wildly
different in fact what they are working
on may be wildly different and so change
management becomes way more important in
this era than it was in the cloud era by
the way if you go all the way back when
we were building software the first in
the mid 90s early '90s change management
was really important back then for those
of you in the audience who were working
then you'll remember that Accenture made
$3 for every dollar that sap sold in
software because there was so much to do
around change management and that's that
I think is going to be a really
important part of what we're seeing in
the AI World um I'd love to hear in
terms you how you all are thinking about
change management and services and how
you bring your customers along in this
journey that is both a little scary for
them it's going to have lots of change
for for them I'd love to hear how you
all are thinking about it so I'll start
with Julia with a bridge doctor adoption
has it been surprising has it been great
have they' been terrified any how do
other people around them maybe get
involved yeah great question I think
change management is traditionally
something that's very difficult in
healthcare and I think one of the great
benefits that we have with what we the
product that we we have today is that I
think at its core what we are selling is
not just a documentation tool we're
we're giving people the joy of medicine
we're actually helping people get home
earlier and actually spend time on other
Pursuits spending time like being able
to have dinner with their kids again
instead of charting after hours and so I
think from a fundamental just emotional
response people want this they're
desperate for it they actively want some
help and so that's definitely going in
our favor of course there are Skeptics
as well and people who say there's no
way like I've already got a system that
works for me and doctors are so busy
that it can be challenging for them to
actually take the time to learn
something new even if it's really simple
to do and so what we've done as a
business is we've invested in a couple
different programs so one is that we
have a very comprehensive set of
materials that we equip our partners
with to better understand how to onboard
users how to really approach and and
train them on how to use Ai and how to
look for how to trust it fundamentally
beyond that we also work really closely
on what we call a clinical Champions
program and so at every system that we
deploy at we actively work to identify
who are the set of early adopters within
that system who are excited about new
technology who are willing to try new
features and understand how it works in
their individual context to then bring
those best practices to additional
clinicians as well awesome Timothy you
were the one who raised this great
Insight yesterday and and we're talking
about the importance of Partners can you
share a little bit about Jasper's
experience here yeah I would say if I
was building a AI application company I
would my first piece of advice is build
a Services strategy immediately do not
wait if you think that customers are
adopting AI in the same manner that they
adopted SAS over the last 10 years you
you're wrong it's just completely
different and one of the big differences
is with most SAS software most of the
outcomes and the value were very
deterministic I know that if I do ABC if
I fill out these forms if I give it this
data if I do these actions I'm going to
consistently get this unit of value from
the software but I think as we all know
working with models and working with AI
applications the outcomes are very
probabilistic and so there are a lot of
things that you need to do as a trusted
partner not just as a trusted model or a
trusted piece of software to help
companies go through that transformation
to identify what are the kpis what are
the business processes what are the
workflows that they can trans form and
then how to help their employees begin
to adopt this when you actually go out
to large Enterprises and you watch them
use AI applications the average employee
will look at you and say it's a blank
box I don't know what you put in there
or you know what I had this great prompt
like a month ago and I got this great
report my boss asked me to do this
report again or this piece of content
again I can't remember what that was and
so then you see users managing notepads
of prompts and cutting and pasting and
you really need to go in as a trusted
partner it's a huge benefit and
differentiator for you against
competition to go help the customer
understand how to apply it to their
business and how to transform their
employee experience with this we've got
one minute to wrap hopefully there are
things that you all heard from these
great practitioners in this
transformative time that you can apply
to your own work and business these
takeaways I hope are clear from what we
talked about focus on these high impacts
High I solutions that where there's a
very clear why now and the why now is
I'm now leveraging these new
capabilities from AI that couldn't have
solved this problem before what each of
these companies provide to their
customers today was not possible five
years ago fundamentally and so if your
business isn't like that think about how
you can make it like that defensibility
and Moes so critical if it if you don't
have it it will be a blood bath you will
be in a race to commodities ation and
pricing going to zero it will be ugly so
I strongly encourage you to think about
in your businesses how you will put
those in place leaky buckets and SAS are
pretty painful they are really painful
in AI too there's no difference that
leaky bucket problem focus on user
Delight do they love what you're doing
we see a lot of consumer apps on the AI
side that have a lot of challenge with
churn same is true for B2B and so you
just want to make sure that your B2B
retention Dynamics just like in SAS are
as strong as ever and user centricity at
the end of the day you got to help the
world learn how to adopt this
breakthrough game changing technology we
are all so lucky that we get to be doing
what we're doing at this time have a
gratitude for that go out there and
change the world thanks to our panelists
much appreciated thanks for having us
thanks